hi everyone this is a coli so today I'm
going to show you how to achieve this a
very simple and easy wavy hair that I
did and this doesn't involve any heat
you don't need any tool just use your
hands and the hairstyles are you are
usually very very easy and very trivial
so if you already know how to do this
great but if you want to know how to do
it just keep on watching and I will see
you later if I ever wonder what come
back so I just took a shower and I tell
dried my hair and I don't have
moisturizer around so excuse my bare
skin but i'm going to part my hair
approximately in the middle and because
my hair is pretty wet right now i don't
want to use a comb to brush it out that
will really break all of your hair and
pull out a lot of hair so I'm just going
to separate it with my finger and
roughly wrong throw my hair with my
finger and i'm just going to braid it
and this is really simple anyone can do
it it's nothing fancy just parting two
three partitions i guess and just
braided you can bring it any way you
want and the tighter you braid your hair
the more wavy your hair will be and the
loose loser i guess the less away via
will be so if you want to have like a
more intense effect definitely make sure
you tighten it really really well and
you can also pair your hair into four
sections depending on how much hair you
have or how tiny the wave you want it to
be so it's really up to you i just want
some really big and
sure waves so and i'm going to try to
braid it all the way to the end so that
even my ends will have some kind of wave
to it now i'm going to move on to this
site and i forgot to mention you can put
your normal hair styling product on your
hair before you do this will probably
help to hold the shape better so again
I'm just going to comb my hair using my
fingers and I'm going to part it into
three strands hair about equal volume
just start braiding you want to do this
while your hair is still pretty wet so
that when your hair dries up in the
braids it will maintain that that way so
second um heat kind of burning effects I
guess so really tighten your braids this
is really easy and usually the
hairstyles die too they're really easy
and then I really like hair dami stuff I
do are really really simple and really
easy to do so if I can do it you can do
it too so I'm just going to braid it all
the way to the end
and if you have like stray hair like me
have all the layers so I have like a lot
of stray hair in the middle it's okay
just ignore them it won't really affect
the final outcome damage
it's just try to breathe it out a way
all the way to the end
just like that and take a rubber band
just tie it and that's pretty much it
and just leave the rest to your air just
let it air dry or if you want to speed
up the process you can blow dry it but
it kind of defeats the purpose of like
no heat so um that's it and I will see
you in few hours or you can like even
sleep with this song overnight and then
next morning you'll have like perfect
waves but i will see if y'all later hey
guys i'm back so it's about five to six
hours after i braided my hair in the
morning and i think has pretty much
dried and i'm going to take them down
and show you the final results so just
call it rubber band and basically true
to on braid my hair that say
and just go from the root of your hair
and really shake it out so what's not
and you can put on hairspray or whatever
hair styling product you want to use to
really maintain the waves and that's
basically to find a result something
very very natural and you can tie like a
ponytail or like side ponytail or do
like half up just to show the waves this
is something really easy a non keep
method to switch up your hairstyle and I
hope you liked it and I will see you
next time bye
you